Page 1 Princess Kensli was usually very brave. She could climb the tallest tower and ride the fastest pony. But there was one place at the castle that scared her: The Royal Print Shop.

(Coloring Scene: Princess Kensli standing outside a large, heavy wooden door with a sign that says "PRINT SHOP." She looks hesitant, peeking around the doorframe. She is wearing a crown and a simple adventure dress.)

Page 2 The Print Shop was loud and smelled like strange ink. Kensli was sure giant monsters lived inside the noisy machines. But today, the King ran up to her. "Kensli! The 'Printed Proofs'—our brand new storybooks—have been stolen by the shop mischief-makers! You must save them!"

(Coloring Scene: The King looking worried, talking to Kensli. Kensli looks determined. She is holding up her special "Brave Tool"—a sparkling, rainbow-colored ruler.)

Page 3 Kensli took a deep breath and stepped into the shop. CLANK-WHIRRR-HISSS! went the giant printing presses. Shadows stretched across the floor. Her knees felt wobbly, but she held her Rainbow Ruler tight. "I am brave, I am brave," she whispered.

(Coloring Scene: The inside of the print shop. Big, complicated machines with gears and rollers loom over tiny Kensli. Steam comes out of one machine. Kensli looks small but is walking forward.)

Page 4 Suddenly, SPLAT! A gooey, drippy creature jumped onto a stack of paper. It was the Ink-Blob Gremlin! It was making a terrible mess with black goo. "Hey! You are making everything dirty!" yelled Kensli.

(Coloring Scene: A round, messy monster made entirely of dripping ink blobs. It has a goofy, naughty grin. There are splashes on the floor around it. Kensli is pointing her ruler at it.)

Page 5 Further in, Kensli heard a CRINKLE-CRUNCH. She saw the Paper-Jam Goblin! It was tangled up in ribbons of torn paper, trying to chew on a stack of shiny, golden pages. "Those are the Printed Proofs!" Kensli cried. "Let them go!"

(Coloring Scene: A skinny, jagged goblin made of crumpled paper and tape. It is holding a stack of shiny books (the Proofs) in its crinkly claws. Kensli looks angry and brave.)

Page 6 The monsters weren't scary; they were just naughty! Kensli used her Rainbow Ruler to smooth out the crinkled paper and tidy up the ink spills. The Gremlin and Goblin looked embarrassed at the mess they made and scurried away to hide under a machine.

(Coloring Scene: Kensli using her ruler to straighten a piece of paper. The Ink-Blob and Paper-Jam monsters look sad and defeated, shrinking away into a dark corner.)

Page 7 Kensli swooped up the stack of Golden Printed Proofs. They were safe! The noisy machines didn't seem so scary anymore. They were just doing their job making books.

(Coloring Scene: Kensli hugging a large stack of glowing, perfect books. She has a big smile on her face. The machines in the background look quiet now.)

Page 8 Kensli burst out of the Print Shop door into the sunshine. The King cheered! "You did it!" Kensli wasn't scared anymore. She was Princess Kensli the Brave, the hero of the Royal Print Shop!

(Coloring Scene: A triumphant scene. Kensli holding the books high in the air. The King is clapping, and cute castle animals are cheering around her. The sun is shining brightly.)